pipe: 0     time to get to pipe: 1.121µs
pipe: 1     time to get to pipe: 725ns
pipe: 3     time to get to pipe: 547ns
pipe: 2     time to get to pipe: 3.816µs
pipe: 4     time to get to pipe: 359ns
pipe: 6     time to get to pipe: 489ns
pipe: 5     time to get to pipe: 2.395µs
pipe: 7     time to get to pipe: 444ns
pipe: 8     time to get to pipe: 470ns
pipe: 9     time to get to pipe: 448ns
pipe: 10     time to get to pipe: 357ns
pipe: 12     time to get to pipe: 465ns
pipe: 11     time to get to pipe: 2.084µs
pipe: 13     time to get to pipe: 491ns
pipe: 14     time to get to pipe: 382ns
pipe: 15     time to get to pipe: 380ns
pipe: 16     time to get to pipe: 380ns
pipe: 17     time to get to pipe: 455ns
pipe: 18     time to get to pipe: 400ns
pipe: 19     time to get to pipe: 453ns
pipe: 20     time to get to pipe: 1.412µs
pipe: 21     time to get to pipe: 375ns
pipe: 22     time to get to pipe: 390ns
pipe: 24     time to get to pipe: 362ns
pipe: 23     time to get to pipe: 1.697µs
pipe: 25     time to get to pipe: 339ns
pipe: 26     time to get to pipe: 340ns
pipe: 27     time to get to pipe: 341ns
pipe: 28     time to get to pipe: 338ns
pipe: 29     time to get to pipe: 343ns
pipe: 30     time to get to pipe: 441ns
pipe: 31     time to get to pipe: 342ns
pipe: 32     time to get to pipe: 469ns
pipe: 33     time to get to pipe: 400ns
pipe: 34     time to get to pipe: 408ns
pipe: 35     time to get to pipe: 379ns
pipe: 36     time to get to pipe: 362ns
pipe: 37     time to get to pipe: 367ns
pipe: 38     time to get to pipe: 378ns
pipe: 39     time to get to pipe: 410ns
pipe: 40     time to get to pipe: 364ns
pipe: 41     time to get to pipe: 346ns
pipe: 42     time to get to pipe: 428ns
pipe: 43     time to get to pipe: 381ns
pipe: 44     time to get to pipe: 425ns
pipe: 45     time to get to pipe: 375ns
pipe: 46     time to get to pipe: 411ns
pipe: 48     time to get to pipe: 400ns
pipe: 47     time to get to pipe: 2.015µs
pipe: 49     time to get to pipe: 382ns
pipe: 50     time to get to pipe: 385ns
pipe: 51     time to get to pipe: 385ns
pipe: 52     time to get to pipe: 379ns
pipe: 53     time to get to pipe: 383ns
pipe: 54     time to get to pipe: 466ns
pipe: 55     time to get to pipe: 410ns
pipe: 56     time to get to pipe: 472ns
pipe: 57     time to get to pipe: 378ns
pipe: 58     time to get to pipe: 487ns
pipe: 59     time to get to pipe: 418ns
pipe: 60     time to get to pipe: 403ns
pipe: 61     time to get to pipe: 457ns
pipe: 62     time to get to pipe: 29.554µs
pipe: 63     time to get to pipe: 347ns
pipe: 64     time to get to pipe: 344ns
pipe: 65     time to get to pipe: 363ns
pipe: 66     time to get to pipe: 416ns
pipe: 67     time to get to pipe: 397ns
pipe: 68     time to get to pipe: 315ns
pipe: 69     time to get to pipe: 306ns
pipe: 70     time to get to pipe: 338ns
pipe: 71     time to get to pipe: 358ns
pipe: 72     time to get to pipe: 341ns
pipe: 73     time to get to pipe: 308ns
pipe: 74     time to get to pipe: 337ns
pipe: 75     time to get to pipe: 331ns
pipe: 76     time to get to pipe: 359ns
pipe: 77     time to get to pipe: 351ns
pipe: 78     time to get to pipe: 354ns
pipe: 79     time to get to pipe: 363ns
pipe: 80     time to get to pipe: 338ns
pipe: 81     time to get to pipe: 338ns
pipe: 82     time to get to pipe: 382ns
pipe: 83     time to get to pipe: 494ns
pipe: 84     time to get to pipe: 336ns
pipe: 85     time to get to pipe: 355ns
pipe: 86     time to get to pipe: 355ns
pipe: 87     time to get to pipe: 366ns
pipe: 88     time to get to pipe: 303ns
pipe: 89     time to get to pipe: 312ns
pipe: 90     time to get to pipe: 305ns
pipe: 91     time to get to pipe: 336ns
pipe: 92     time to get to pipe: 315ns
pipe: 93     time to get to pipe: 356ns
pipe: 94     time to get to pipe: 360ns
pipe: 96     time to get to pipe: 401ns
pipe: 95     time to get to pipe: 1.63µs
pipe: 97     time to get to pipe: 301ns
pipe: 98     time to get to pipe: 307ns
pipe: 99     time to get to pipe: 305ns
pipe: 100     time to get to pipe: 306ns
pipe: 101     time to get to pipe: 301ns
pipe: 102     time to get to pipe: 307ns
pipe: 103     time to get to pipe: 302ns
pipe: 104     time to get to pipe: 384ns
pipe: 105     time to get to pipe: 329ns
pipe: 106     time to get to pipe: 338ns
pipe: 107     time to get to pipe: 324ns
pipe: 108     time to get to pipe: 307ns
pipe: 109     time to get to pipe: 323ns
pipe: 110     time to get to pipe: 326ns
pipe: 111     time to get to pipe: 324ns
pipe: 112     time to get to pipe: 306ns
pipe: 113     time to get to pipe: 307ns
pipe: 114     time to get to pipe: 308ns
pipe: 115     time to get to pipe: 392ns
pipe: 116     time to get to pipe: 309ns
pipe: 117     time to get to pipe: 302ns
pipe: 118     time to get to pipe: 310ns
pipe: 119     time to get to pipe: 382ns
pipe: 120     time to get to pipe: 417ns
pipe: 121     time to get to pipe: 405ns
pipe: 122     time to get to pipe: 463ns
pipe: 123     time to get to pipe: 418ns
pipe: 124     time to get to pipe: 772ns
pipe: 125     time to get to pipe: 382ns
pipe: 126     time to get to pipe: 468ns
pipe: 127     time to get to pipe: 388ns
pipe: 128     time to get to pipe: 354ns
pipe: 129     time to get to pipe: 369ns
pipe: 130     time to get to pipe: 356ns
pipe: 131     time to get to pipe: 354ns
pipe: 132     time to get to pipe: 355ns
pipe: 133     time to get to pipe: 318ns
pipe: 134     time to get to pipe: 388ns
pipe: 135     time to get to pipe: 305ns
pipe: 136     time to get to pipe: 335ns
pipe: 137     time to get to pipe: 340ns
pipe: 138     time to get to pipe: 339ns
pipe: 139     time to get to pipe: 338ns
pipe: 140     time to get to pipe: 309ns
pipe: 141     time to get to pipe: 306ns
pipe: 142     time to get to pipe: 350ns
pipe: 143     time to get to pipe: 352ns
pipe: 144     time to get to pipe: 307ns
pipe: 145     time to get to pipe: 333ns
pipe: 146     time to get to pipe: 340ns
pipe: 147     time to get to pipe: 339ns
pipe: 148     time to get to pipe: 361ns
pipe: 149     time to get to pipe: 309ns
pipe: 150     time to get to pipe: 371ns
pipe: 151     time to get to pipe: 306ns
pipe: 152     time to get to pipe: 316ns
pipe: 153     time to get to pipe: 370ns
pipe: 154     time to get to pipe: 306ns
pipe: 155     time to get to pipe: 330ns
pipe: 156     time to get to pipe: 305ns
pipe: 157     time to get to pipe: 414ns
pipe: 158     time to get to pipe: 488ns
pipe: 159     time to get to pipe: 1.219µs
pipe: 160     time to get to pipe: 385ns
pipe: 161     time to get to pipe: 442ns
pipe: 162     time to get to pipe: 437ns
pipe: 163     time to get to pipe: 385ns
pipe: 164     time to get to pipe: 462ns
pipe: 165     time to get to pipe: 405ns
pipe: 166     time to get to pipe: 387ns
pipe: 167     time to get to pipe: 349ns
pipe: 168     time to get to pipe: 561ns
pipe: 169     time to get to pipe: 386ns
pipe: 170     time to get to pipe: 338ns
pipe: 171     time to get to pipe: 315ns
pipe: 172     time to get to pipe: 303ns
pipe: 173     time to get to pipe: 372ns
pipe: 174     time to get to pipe: 413ns
pipe: 175     time to get to pipe: 311ns
pipe: 176     time to get to pipe: 307ns
pipe: 177     time to get to pipe: 335ns
pipe: 178     time to get to pipe: 333ns
pipe: 179     time to get to pipe: 333ns
pipe: 180     time to get to pipe: 375ns
pipe: 181     time to get to pipe: 337ns
pipe: 182     time to get to pipe: 372ns
pipe: 183     time to get to pipe: 423ns
pipe: 184     time to get to pipe: 386ns
pipe: 185     time to get to pipe: 437ns
pipe: 186     time to get to pipe: 357ns
pipe: 187     time to get to pipe: 334ns
pipe: 188     time to get to pipe: 305ns
pipe: 189     time to get to pipe: 307ns
pipe: 190     time to get to pipe: 386ns
